hey people welcome back
but what am I talking about now completely creative
just i take that creatively homoki
pure wire and in any case
and the only thing up to now
I already had two or tried
three crowns until now also as an initial
taken after second month of training
I already started that
helped
definitely i have one last night
taken dose
Last night then again this morning
equivalent to the next because the
in the morning before breakfast a
half-sister from the breakfast and in the evening
About an hour after the last meal
and directly in front of it
go to sleep and I was tonight
wake up to drink something three times
really sick so I have this morning
but by the 12 o'clock already four liters of water
drunk
usually during the day I drink
maybe up to 45 maximum six liters ok
now it's 19 and 17
and I'm already at 7 liters
I'm still after still
later still on a birthday party
so and I hope that something there
Water gives me what I put in
can
small tip in the trade you take so much
water to you that the body completely
have mineral stored in the current
flushing out all means what would have to be
On the other hand, best is what I do
is lemon at just half
pure lemon could also squeeze the
is not rare, and this brings out
and then no shot honey tastes
good and baby gets everything possible
otherwise it is purely a 2 he is
Micronutrient tablets are pure
always if there are any minerals
cool electrolytes my friends know
something or any vitamins
something just so that the covered takes
the safe is not documented
that you have to spend a few days and then load
the video today is the fifth
september I believe so five septembers
Today and here we look why
I run reports from then on
my power plants
I felt something yesterday in the
training though only the day before yesterday
started so and so
Although what was that that was trained today
breast exactly breast
again I have 400 four times again
hinbekommen
I suddenly had none
Collapse is not possible anymore
stupid and then normal rate with 90
six repetitions can be pretty cool
but I say and afterwards again
that comes the entire time over you
much more power is trying out left in
the description and the live video
you see the next upload
times